how there goes the RC car too I cannot
hit those to save my life we've got a
little glass breaking for second what is
he doing you just break that to dive out
that's odd what's up ladies and gents
this is idaho tub with another call of
duty black ops gameplay i'm playing
domination on Stadium one of the new
maps from the new map pack first strike
it's my second favorite map out of all
the new ones there's a few downfalls one
it's a small map which is also a good
thing I guess sometimes there's not a
lot of camping spots for you campers I
can't sue so there's not a lot of those
this is probably one of the best spots
to camp up here on this balcony but
there's still two access points so
that's something they definitely I think
that's an upgrade from modern warfare 2
late as always seems to be more than one
access point so it makes it harder to
camp which is a good thing but yeah I
like this like this map so far anyways
first first things first I wanted to
thank everybody who left a comment on
the last video with your gamer tags and
where they originated from I really
appreciate the support Boston official
you didn't leave your gamertag but do
you been even reppin the videos free
yard since i started making them so i
appreciate the support man retain 98
thank you for the comment Puerto Rico
that's what I'm talking about if you
know any Puerto Rican ladies in the
Portland area hook me up if you didn't
see the comment he it'll be at the end
of the video but he's from Puerto Rico
or he's Puerto Rican maybe not from
Puerto Rico nonetheless thank you for
the comment secretagentbob 2010-13 cuz
he likes the name I like it too man but
everybody else who commented I
appreciate the Blackbird up appreciate
it so on to the topic of this video what
do you guys want to talk about oh you
want to talk about the Jersey Shore no
problems on this end I can talk about
the Jersey Shore all day long ah the
Jersey Shore I guess we can start with
the characters
start with the guys gentlemen first on
this on this video I mean look at all
those dudes they're all stacked except
for Vinny which I don't understand
they're all freaking huge right they're
all ripped and i'm pretty sure that they
are on steroids what do you guys think
they've got to be our roids right like
they're not just taking some whey
protein and hitting the gym a couple
times a week you know blast the buys for
30 minutes three times a week and you'll
look like pauly d no that is not what
happens what's happening I can't even
talk they are definitely on some kind of
performance-enhancing drug because those
guys are stacked and then you have Vinny
like this flabby dude like what's up
with him like Vinny dude is it a mask
you lating when you see all these guys
walking on the shirts off toy your warm
the situation and you see Vinny is like
I'm just the from the flabby guy man
maybe that's why he's hooking up with
Snooki yeah I guess well all I mentions
look you might as well talk about it
right Snooki the ladies of the jersey
shore just dirty dirty girls Snooki's
the dirtiest of the dirty aah 30 girl
for life everything man she's always
just faded you know belligerent all the
time just a drunk and she's just a mess
and she's just nasty always hooking up
with guys I she's up Vinny hooks up what
are the flabby guy looks Vinnie come on
you can't do better than Snooki man
maybe you should get on that that Pauly
D in a situation workout plan you know
put the needle in the leg four or five
times a week and hit the biceps but man
back to the ladies so Snooki's just
there's just something wrong with Snooki
and all I can think about when I see her
now is that south park episode always
like swoosh swoosh wants pickle I love
that episode man that's great they're
just nasty then he got JWoww I don't
really know much about her besides she
has big big boobs she's smart and then I
think there's another one oh yes Sam Sam
she's the one that's always arguing
Ronnie they're always like arguing I
think she's the one that took the punch
right now I could be wrong i just
remember somebody getting punched like
in one of the first episode that's how
you know it's gonna be a great show
gonna
be a great show when somebody gets
punched and then I'm pretty I think
there's four lit I keep hitting my mic
ah sorry for that noise and I'm pretty
sure there's a fourth girl but I don't
remember anyways the Jersey Shore man
just so stupid and it's it's annoying
it's annoying that they're getting paid
more than more than i am and i'm sure
more than a lot of people to just get
drunk and be idiots and that's I don't
know that's why it's not entertaining to
me and I understand that's why it's
entertaining other people but think
about it they're getting paid a lot of
money and the change in like pop culture
like people think it's cool to fist pump
now you know just annoying it bothers me
and what what do their parents think
like that's what I always wanted like
what there's a couple things I was
wondering boat first of all what are
their parents think so Snooki's parents
are sitting down you know mama Snooki
and Papa Snooki they're sitting down
like oh our daughters uh you know a
little snookums TV shows on accidental
watch it so first episode ever she is
getting faded and trying to hook up with
dudes you know they're probably like
okay that makes sense that happens every
once in a while and then every episode
from the first episode on she's just
getting belligerent and trying to hook
up with dudes and just looks nasty
eating pickles and just uh oh Snooki I
would not touch Snooki ever but I don't
know man like I just always wanted with
their parents I mean what would you
think if you were their parents leave me
a comment let me know what you would
think or what you would do or say to
your kids if you saw them acting the way
the Jersey Shore ians do oh man and then
think about this so once the Jersey
Shore is over and hopefully that happens
pretty soon they're gonna probably one
day be parents the Jersey Shore people
be parents feeling so fly in my gunship
can you imagine that like being the kids
of one of those people like being
Snooki's kid or the situation kid huh
did their parents like what did the kids
have to call the parents by their jersey
shore name they can't call mom or dad
that you will call me only the situation
imagine that like what happens when your
kids go out and get all fade and they
come on
drunk now like you shouldn't be doing
this little Pauly D is like dad I just
watched season two of the Jersey Shore
and that's all you did like like this
there's this so much wrong with the
Jersey Shore man so much wrong so much
but if you're a fist pumper and no
pickle leader and whatever else they do
on that show keep do what you do man if
you like the show to each his own I'm
not mad at you I've had a lot of friends
who like it I just can't get in to the
show the Jersey Shore nasty nasty
creatures oh that's my two cents on the
Jersey Shore I'm about to wrap this game
up had a nice game I wasn't even the
best I this redd foxx guy on my team
tore it up but I'm an eye toward up to I
can't always be in first you know what
I'm saying there it is guys 2012 52-38
and three red fox you tore it up I
appreciate you guys watching and all the
support and